Excellent.
Once we have our HDMI outlet styled is bad boy.
So we're gonna head over to Stiles he says we have end of hero.
So what we could do is just copy and pasted two times.
Let's in fact change this around.
Say about we can write section we can just say about it doesn't really matter let's say about like so.
Let's proceed.
First of all remember the about class.
And then we had.
Well we're gonna use this class to set up some background some say background is going to be VR.
And as you see we're using for the whole document for the body we have the background of of it.
So in this case I'm gonna go for my main way.
Remember we had that particular color.
So my about section is going to be white instead of the typical off white.
And then we have multiple items that I'm gonna set up within a global one.
But again he's just a class name so you can access it all throughout the project.
Even if you don't set it up in a.
But I just prefer to do it this way.
So one by one I'm gonna add the comments of what is being added within the global.
So I'm gonna say section added to include.
And then you know what I'm gonna copy and paste it in fact two more times.
So title as well as the section center.
So it may change this one around let's say.
Title added also to the Global's as well as the section center of section and center.
So let's head over to a Global's and one by one we can add these particular styles.
So we had our buttons so we might as well also maybe add the comment of buttons.
So these are gonna be our buttons styles.
But then right after these buttons I'm going to say you know what.
There's going to be some global style first section.
And again remember within the next day she email we had this particular section correct.
So we had a section and also about class.
Now as far as about class we already added the background color.
So what's gonna be with this global section class.
Well we are just going to add a little bit of padding.
We're gonna say padding is going to be top bottom five arms and then zero.
So each and every time we would want to create a new section.
I'm just gonna go grab this global class and just had it for my patterns so that way I don't have to
repeat myself.
Then right after the section we have the title.
So let's write title and as far as title it was wrapped in the title wrapper.
So first let's target title rapper and let's just write.
Margin bottom is going to be two areas.
That's it.
We have right away the margin in the bottom.
Then we also add a title class that's where we have all our text.
So first let's align it in the center.
That's right.
Text align center text transform why don't we set it up as a uppercase.
So all our titles are going to be uppercase font size why don't we change this around a little bit and
let's write font size is going to be two point six harems.
Now here's the question if you would like to set up in fact your heading whatever you have for heading
let's say having two to two point six.
Of course you can do that.
So if I'm going to head over back and I can see that I have this particular heading you could technically
just set this up as a two point six.
Right now in this case I'm just using this for the title because that's just my preference.
You don't have to do it this way.
Course you can use the one in this case I'm just showing that even though you set up already some kind
of height if you would like to override it you can always do that.
And let's also write maybe a bigger letter spacing let's write letter spacing is going to be zero point
five reams.
And then last thing that I would like to do for my title is set up the color for the second text.
Remember we had two of them we had the title that was just our heading to.
But then also we have a subtitle where we just place one piece of our text and I would like to give
it a different color.
So let's write color.
And I'm going to go for primary like so there you go.
That is our title now.
Lastly why don't we set up our section center so our section centers are gonna be our parent containers
for the Flex box.
And as far as the Flex barracks properties we're gonna set them up for each and every section separately
because of course there's going to be different layout.
However as far as the width of the actual section as well as the margin we're going to store this in
the section center generic class.
So that's the reason why after the title I'm gonna write section center.
Let's target the class section center first of all let's set up some kind of with let's say that the
width is going to be 85 percent of the width of the screen.
That's the reason why I'm going to use view widths like so.
And then let's also place some margins so top margin is going to be for our OEM's left and right is
going to be autumn.
That's the reason it's going to be in a center and the bottom one is going to be two areas.
There you go.
Now we have our section center the generic class that we're going to reuse all throughout the project.
Now lastly out out I would like to add some Max with for this particular div because I wouldn't want
it to be bigger than one thousand one hundred and seventy pixels.
Now it clearly cannot see that right now because of course this is a extra small screen size but if
we're going to head over back to our main project in if I'm going to zoom out you're going to notice
that all my sections in fact are not going to be spanning more than eleven hundred seventy pixels.
And the reason for that because we do have the genera class in which we are going to control the width
of our sections.
Now once we're done in fact setting up everything here we're going to head over back to our about and
we're going to keep on working.
And again this was just added for your understanding if you don't want to have these comments by all
means you can delete them now first and foremost notice we have right now the image as well as the info
and first of all for both of them I would like to set up some kind of margin in the bottom.
Now remember the class names about I am G comma so I'm selecting both of them and about info.
OK.
Those were my class names and I'm gonna write margin bottom.
Let's say for our alums.
So now we have the bottom.
Now if that's too big of course you can write three are Ms.
I mean it's really up to you.
I'm going to go with four our alums like so.
And then what else we have.
Well I would like to style in fact this particular heading three guys we have explored and different.
And if you previously noticed when we were working let's say within the hero I added to a heading one
a class.
Now that is my preference where as I'm working I like to in fact set up the classes.
However of course you're not limited that you could let's just say if you know the tearing through is
sitting within the about info you could write something like this where you have about info and then
we're targeting the heading three and then we go with text transform and we just set it up as an uppercase.
We could do it this way.
However my preference is always setting up the classes.
But let's say if you don't like the fact that I keep on adding classes within my email which sometimes
when I'm recording the screen crest I could think that maybe you could find that annoying where maybe
not annoying maybe just a little bit clearer to see where we don't have this class where you just have
to having three and then you have your particular setup.
But I like to in fact add classes so normal let's say for descending 3 I would add some kind of class.
I would say about in full title or something like that because that allows me later on if I change something
if I change let's say my age the amount the element that is being displayed I don't have to change the
class.
Correct.
The class can stay the same.
And those styles are still applied.
Again that is my preference both work of course if I'm selecting this about boring for the having three
then of course I can apply the styles.
So I just wanted to show you that there's multiple ways that we can do that.
So don't think that you specifically need to repeat everything that I'm doing.
Course you could just target the hero and then having one.
Now my preference is to set up these classes because I like working like that better but again that
is just my preference.
And you also probably known as that right away as we added these programs we didn't have to do anything.
And the reason for that is very so this is the benefit of using the global stocks where we already set
up everything pretty much for all the programs.
So unless I would like to change something that's it they're done.
We have the line height.
We have a font weight as well as we have the margin in the bottom which in my case again I find that
much more easier to work because that way I just set it up in one place and that way I don't have to
add the same styling or maybe a little bit different styling for each and every section that will work.
Now let's head over back to the global because remember we had the primary one we had the primary button.
And what I would like to do right now is remember we had a button white.
So we have already most of our styles.
So I'm gonna add comma.
Then as the right primary.
So this particular button of course is going to be hidden right now because we're using the main white.
So I would like to use all of the styles that I already have for the button white but we're going to
change the color and let's add a comment button primary or primary button and then let's just write
for the button primary what I would like.
Well let's start with a background what's right var primary color like so so now I have my background.
Then maybe let's add a color and color is going to be white so far and we're gonna go with white colors
main white and then also white and we add a different border color so let's ride border color and we're
gonna go with the primary one because as we're hovering there's gonna be a little bit of different styling
and then also let's set a button primary hover hover on as far as Button is concerned what we're gonna
do is first of all background is gonna be transparent for my primary button as I'm hovering as well
as the color is gonna change back to a primary color.
So let's write var primary color.
Like so so now as I'm hovering notice my board stays of course the primary color as this is what we
set up within the board color.
But then as we're hovering My background is transparent and again this is the case where I already have
my basic styles.
So if the only thing that I'm changing is in fact the color.
Well I could just say All right so get me whatever styles you already had four button white add them
to button primary and then I'm just gonna override that.
As far as colors are concerned right now if I would want to override let's say pairings or bore or actual
widths and styles of the board.
Of course we can always do that.
So hopefully this gives you an idea of why setting up something globally.
In fact at least in my opinion makes a lot of sense.
Now once we set up our global styling let's head over one more time back to about and let's start dealing
with in fact how we're going to set up our columns.
So we have our about and then I would like to set up a media query where let's say once we get to a
nine hundred and ninety two pixels I would want them side by side.
So remember we had media screen and what's right men with men with and method with is going to be nine
and 92 pixels.
Now let's say that we would want to have about center but again remember that was our div that was in
fact responsible as our parent container.
So we're going to have about center that is going to be our parent element and both of the articles
are children.
That specifically was my setup because that is just going to be easier as we work with Flex box.
So let's write about center first and foremost let's start very simply by creating it as a flex.
Now in this case I am going to in fact zoom out because that way it's going to be easier for me to show
you that I'm going to make my screen size bigger.
And notice once we get to 992 I have them side by side.
Right now it doesn't look pretty but it gets the job done at least initially.
Now once I have them side by side there's some things that I would like to add specifically for both
of my children because now I add a display flex for the parent but I would like to set up first of all
some kind of width for both of the children.
So how do we do that.
Well let's start by targeting both of them and all the time and I know my styles are just coming out
somewhere here in the bottom so I'd like to scroll down a little bit.
Let's say about I am G that is of course my class name and about info some targeting right now both
both of the articles and what I would like to do well I would like to use flex because that is the property
I can use for children.
I wouldn't want them to grow I wouldn't want them to shrink because Roma by default is going to set
up as one so it's going to shrink and then I would like to set them up as half the screen because I
wouldn't want to used to call them layer so it could use something like this.
I could set up 50 percent however I would also like to have some kind of margins.
So why don't we do this instead.
Why don't we write calc function where I'm gonna calculate you know what.
So each of them should be 50 percent minus and then whatever margin I would like to have around and
in my case I'm going to go with two arms again.
You can change the values you can do whatever you want but I'm going to go with two areas.
So now in this case what we're saying is that each of these columns is going to be 50 percent minus
two or three.
So we're calculating.
So that is going to be the way.
Not currently we cannot see that because both of those are applied here all the way in.
And so we have flex and yes the width is less but still they are stacked side by side.
So in order to fix this I'm going to head over back to the parent and I'm going to use justify content
and space between.
Remember that was the property that was pushing the children as far as possible from each other.
Right.
And the moment we do that now we are using this margin.
Now lastly what I would like to set up is margin bottom because remember both of them do have these
margins in the bottom for AMS but once they're sitting side by side Well there's no reason for that
margin to be there right.
So I can say margin bottom and we're going to set a zero.
And lastly I would like to do one more thing where as you're noticing as our screen size is in fact
changing once we have side by side there's multiple scenarios where at some point let's say text is
bigger now and they mean just smaller.
So would want my image to be sitting in fact in the center and then also my image gets bigger.
But I would want my text to be sitting in a center.
And remember we had a property for the child by the name of Aline self.
So since I'm targeting both of them I could just say align self and I could just say center.
So in this case what happens as my screen size gets bigger.
Now since the text is smaller it is sitting side by side with an image or I'm sorry it's in the center
of the image.
Then if I have let's say my image smaller it is still sitting in a center.
As far as the about invoice concerned notice about invoice bigger but the image is sitting in the center.
Now we get that by using this online self in a center.
Now we're almost almost done.
I'm gonna make this again a little bit smaller because I'm going to show you how we can create this
nice effect using the before pseudo element and currently we don't have that as you can see I do have
my image but we don't have that now you know what I'm gonna try in fact make it may be or you're not.
Not probably not going to be possible.
So what I would like to do right now is set up another media query.
And I would want that effect only once I get to a eleven hundred and seventy some say media screen main
with my SO and I'm going to set this up as hundred and one thousand one hundred seventy pixels.
So once we get there what I would like to do well remember my article had a class of what.
Well it has a about image.
Something to say about.
I am G.
And then I'm going to use my before.
So I'm targeting this right now.
And then let's set up a content that is necessary otherwise if we're not going to have this content
properly with even an empty value it's not going to work.
Then let's set up a position absolute position absolute and let's set up some width and height.
And we're also going to notice that we need to set up this about image relative.
And I'm going to show you that in a second.
So let's say for my before I'd like to use a width of hundred percent.
Like so height of also hundred percent.
And let's add right away the border.
So let's write.
Borders an hour working with our pseudo element zero point five our MS solid var and primary color.
Now again I'm not gonna do that on a bigger or smaller screen size.
I'm gonna show you right away on a bigger one and you notice right now how in fact my width and height.
Well it's not using my image container in fact it is using something else.
Right.
And in order to fix that since we are using for this before the positional absolute since our before
is in fact sitting before the content within the about I am G and please remember when we work with
a pseudo element before and after.
In fact what we're talking about is the content of that element.
So that's the reason why we cannot set it up as far as the image is concerned because image by itself
is already the content.
So what we're saying here for this particular article before adding content I would like to set up my
before pseudo element and since I wouldn't want to be stretching like so I'm going to have to go back
and I'm going to say like this.
Where about our energy is in fact going to be a position relative so let's write position relative and
now in fact it works as a parent container.
So now our content absolute is in fact relative to our container.
That's number one and also you notice right away how we don't have any issues with a positioning with
a border box.
Because remember when we worked all the way in the beginning when we set up our global stars we also
right away did the same thing for before and after.
So that's the reason why we have no issues whatsoever.
We just added a nice border name.
Now what I would like to do right now is in fact move that border a little bit and since we are using
the position absolute again Let's scroll down and let's head over back to about image before pseudo
element and let's say that I would like to position it on a top negative one point five arms and not
15 but one point five grams as well as the left one as well.
So top left is going to be negative one point five.
Let's say that and notice everything works really well.
However there is an issue and the issue is that our stack because as you're noticing right now we have
our stack or and it has changed a little bit around because normally we would things like that.
So we have our about image before correct.
So that in fact should be sitting underneath our image correct.
Because if I'm going to head over back to our indexation Mel you're going to notice we have are about
I M G and then we are placing before the content and only then we have the image.
So technically image should be sitting on top of our before element.
Now the problem is or not the problem maybe the setup is there very simply where if we add this position
relative right now to or about i g in fact what we're doing is the stack or is that the about I am G
is in fact sitting on top of it.
Because we have position absolute we have position relative here.
So since our before in fact has this position absolute Well it is in a stack over in front of our image.
Now in order to change that Well very simply we just say about and then remember we had a class of about
photo and then also let's add on this position of relative.
Now what is going to happen that our element the before element is going to sit behind the image.
Because again that is our stack order where within the indexation AML well about image is first correct
and then we have the about photo.
So of course this is gonna be sitting in front of the about image.
In fact that one is coming after the about image.
So once we set up our photo as position relative now we're back to our normal stack order where we have
our element the pseudo before element that is sitting behind our photo.
And that should do it for our about section.